1. wrap – wrapped – wrapping  v. 包裹 wrap … with / in … 穿暖和 wrap up
2. sheet n. 一片 床单 纸张 薄片
3. complete v. adj. – completely adv. – completion n.
4. shallow adj. 浅的 shadow n. 影子 阴影
5. prevent sb from doing
6. be in harmony with 与…一致/和谐 – harmonious adj. I do believe it is possible for different ethnic groups to live together in harmony. Your suggestions are not in harmony with the aims of this project.
7. design n. v. be designed / intended for / to do These exercises are designed to strengthen muscles. The course is designed for beginners. by design = on purpose – by mistake = by chance We shall never know whether this happened by accident or by design.
8. harm n. v. – do harm to – be harmful to – harmless   mean no harm 无意伤害别人  I didn't mean any harm: it was just a joke. Staying out late once in a while does you no harm.
9. agriculture n. – agricultural adj.
10. replace … with / by …
11. material cn.pl./u. 材料 un. 素材 un/cn. 布料 原料 adj. 物质的 有形的 实体的
12. consume vt.– consumption n. – consumer n.  custom 风俗 / costume 服饰 / customer 顾客 
13. prior to … – priority n.  Learning English is our first priority. You do not need any prior knowledge of the subject. She left prior to his arrival.
14. beauty n. – beautify vt. – beautiful adj.
15. 障碍：barrier / block / obstacle 
16. grand / magnificent / splendid 壮丽的 辉煌的
17. canyon 峡谷 crayon 彩色蜡笔
18. narrow v. 变窄 变小 have a narrow escape – narrowly escape They narrowly escaped being killed.  A couple had a narrow escape when a tree fell just in front of their car.
19. channel n. 海峡 渠道 沟渠 频道 strait 
20. desert n. 沙漠 vt. 遗弃 抛弃 = abandon
21. set sail 起航 sailing 航行 sailor 水手
22. publish v. – publisher n. 出版社 – publication n. 出版 刊物
23. green fingers [Br.E] = green thumb [Am.E]
24. expert n. adj. – be expert in / on / at to seek expert advice  He is expert at making people feel ill at ease.
25. branch n. 树枝 分支 分部 分店 分行
26. rent v. 租赁 n. 租金 rent sth from / to sb – for rent 出租
27. limit n. 极限 界限 vt. 限制 limited – unlimited – limitless
28. benefit cn. vt. benefit from / by – be beneficial to / for –  be of great benefit to Reading books benefits your mind, and you benefit from it; it is beneficial to your growth, and the benefit is clear.
29. please vt. – be pleased with / about / at / to see / that – pleasant / pleasing – pleasure n.  – It’s my pleasure 不客气  with pleasure 非常乐意 愿意效劳 – for pleasure 为消遣 The teacher was pleased when the students tried to please her with a pleasant song, and she said, “It’s a pleasure to teach you!”
30. energy 能源 能量 精力 – full of energy = energetic adj.